LAB#1 Anwsers to Question#3 & Question #4 (Also, added to the LAB Report PDF) <br/>
<br/>
3.	The URL link I picked from Data Set is the following: UNICEF Data (https://data.unicef.org/). Given Covid-19 is still ongoing, potential applications and values are enormous. UNICEF offers various data. I specifically investigated the data set from UNICEF Data offers a relationship between COVID-19 and children. Therefore, the potential applications could be public health data for officials around the world. According to UNICEF (https://data.unicef.org/covid-19-and-children/), due to covid-19 pandemic, more than 60 million children around the world additionally could be living in financially challenging households by the end of 2021. The value of COVID-19 and children illustrates the grim reality of Covid-19 pandemic. The data set could be utilized by non-profit organizations such as UN and Red Cross to mitigate potential solutions to help economically disadvantaged children. <br/>
<br/>
4.	The URL link I picked from Free Data Science Book is Machine Learning from Scratch (https://dafriedman97.github.io/mlbook/content/introduction.html). I specifically chose this one because I liked the title and how it is intended for beginners. Past couple of years, I attempted to teach myself machine learning but it was difficult because I did not have a CS nor math background. Thus, reading books, watching tutorial videos and following codes did not do much to understand what it does. Another reason why I liked it is that once clicking the link, the author specifically states what the book covers, why the book matters and the intended audience for the book, which is the best suitable choice for a beginner like myself.<br/>
